hey guys today I'm going to be filming a
Kylie Jenner inspired makeup tutorial I
think Kylie is a beautiful woman I've
just been loving her makeup recently and
I really want to show you a tutorial on
it it just consists of some that
eyeshadow some winged eyeliner are very
popular plump lips there was a a rumor
that she got lip injections but really
it's just a lot of lip liner and a lot
of lip product so if you want to learn
how to get the kylie jenner look please
keep watching let's get started first
I'm taking my baby skin primer from
Maybelline and I'm applying this all
over my face then I'm taking my Revlon
Photoready BB cream in light/medium and
I'm applying this all over my face as
well this is great because it has SPF 30
next I'm applying my super stage 24 hour
concealer from Maybelline and I am
putting this under my eyes and on any
blemishes that I have I am then using my
Real Techniques brush to blend it all
out
next I'm taking my stay matte powder in
0:05 silky beige and I'm using my ELF
powder brush and putting this under my
eyes and all around my face next I'm
taking my Sonia Kashuk bronzer and a
bronzing brush and I'm just putting this
on my cheekbones and on my temples and
around my face and this is really key
with the look because Kylie always have
super bronzy glow a cheek bones and
they're very defined next I'm applying
my what's up highlighter from benefit
and I'm applying this to my cheeks and
blending it in next I'm taking my
positions formula highlighter and I'm
also flying this onto my cheeks to give
myself a really glowy dewy finish just
like Kylie has next I'm taking my Urban
Decay primer potion and I'm just
applying this to my eyelids and I
apologize for being upside down next I'm
taking the Naked 2 palette from Urban
Decay and I'm just applying the color
foxy which is a matte white color and
I'm just applying it all over my eye to
even out the skin tones next I'm taking
the matte brown color which is called
T's from the same palette and I'm
applying this on my outer V and blending
it into my crease and most of Kylie's
looks I've noticed she has matte
eyeshadows that's why I'm kind of hooked
on that but I am going to be adding a
little bit of shimmer which I have seen
her use so I'm taking half bag which is
a shimmery gold and I'm applying this
right where the brown
start after that I'm taking black out
from the same palette and it is just a
matte black color and I'm applying that
to my outer V to darken up the look
because Kylie usually has dark outer B's
to make your eyelashes appear bigger
then I'm taking my ecotools blending
brush and I'm just blending out all the
shadows and making it look more natural
then I'm taking my ELF eyeliner crayon
and I'm applying this onto my tight line
and a little bit onto my waterline next
I'm taking a nude eyeliner and I'm
putting this on to my waterline to make
my eyes appear bigger and brighter just
like eyes next I'm taking my master
precise eyeliner from maybelline and
this has a salt applicator and I'm just
doing a winged eyeliner because Kylie is
usually wearing a winged eyeliner so I
was just extending it making it pretty
long
next I'm using my NYC eyelash curler and
I'm just curling my lashes next I'm
taking the bare real mascara from
benefit and I'm applying this to my
upper and lower eyelashes and I love
this mascara Kylie Jenner has really
intense long volumize eyelashes so I
tried my best to get mine to look like
hers but hers were this perfect and that
is the final product for the eyes next
I'm just taking my Carmex and I'm just
dabbing this on my lips cuz Kylie
Jenner's lips are matte but I don't want
to completely dry out my lips and then
taking this pinky mauve lip liner and
applying this around my lips now I'm
just filling in my lips with the lip
liner I am next taking this one wild
matte lipstick in 903 C and I'm just
dabbing this onto my lips next I am
taking this one well matte lipstick in
914 C and I'm just dabbing this onto my
lips also to create a more natural color
and that is it to her popular plump lips
next I'm just filling in my eyebrows
with the Revlon brow fantasy eyeliner
pencil I am also extending my eyebrows
to make my arches appear higher because
Kylie's eyebrows has very defined high
arches so I'm just really focusing and
trying to enhance my arches to make them
appear taller
and this is the completed look thank you
guys so much for watching I hope you
guys enjoyed this Kylie Jenner makeup
tutorial and please like this video
subscribe to my channel I'll be coming
out with a lot more videos for you guys
I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video I'll see you guys next time bye so
today I'm going to be doing a little
review / demo I am obsessed
so this costs about $100 usually but I
got it on Amazon for 62 or 65 dollars it
ranges between the seller I think I just
got it from Amazon we don't